Build: Make distroless image default and publish mimir-alpine (#8204)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

### Grafana Mimir

> * [CHANGE] Build: Publish distroless as grafana/mimir image by default. #8204

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Build: `grafana/mimir` docker image is now based on `gcr.io/distroless/static-debian12` image. Alpine-based docker image is still available as `grafana/mimir-alpine`, until Mimir 2.15. #8204
```

(This is our plan, right?)
